systemd-stdio-bridge: add page (#11330)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/systemd-stdio-bridge.md

# systemd-stdio-bridge

> > Implements a proxy between STDIN/STDOUT and a D-Bus bus. It expects to receive an open connection via STDIN/STDOUT when started, and will create a new connection to the specified bus.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Implement a proxy between `stdin`/`stdout` and a D-Bus bus.
> Note: It expects to receive an open connection via `stdin`/`stdout` when started, and will create a new connection to the specified bus.
```
